README.md, before:

# iOS Application
CryptoMe is on the iOS app store.


## Help Page: 
https://www.justcryptome.com

# App Screens:

<img src="/New_Pics/login_1.png" width="430px" height="932px" /><img src="/New_Pics/view_transactions_1.png" width="430px" height="932px" /><img src="/New_Pics/search_1.png" width="430px" height="932px" /><img src="/New_Pics/send_to_user_1.png" width="430px" height="932px" /><img src="/New_Pics/send_to_address_1.png" width="430px" height="932px" /><img src="/New_Pics/wallet_1.png" width="430px" height="932px" /><img src="/New_Pics/transactions_between_users_1.png" width="430px" height="932px" />

# Youtube Demo Link (Click Thumbnail Below): 
[![See a video](./New_Pics/view_transactions_1.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rL6JodeCfMw&t=35s&ab_channel=CryptoMe%2CInc.)

### Summary
CryptoMe revolutionizes cryptocurrency transactions by combining the simplicity and social aspects of apps like Venmo with the robust security and decentralization of blockchain technology. Aimed at enhancing the P2P, P2B, and B2B payment experience, CryptoMe simplifies cryptocurrency transactions by making them as straightforward as sending a text message. Users can send and receive funds using easily recognizable identifiers like phone numbers, removing the need to deal with cumbersome cryptographic addresses.

Our platform is uniquely designed to give users full control over their wallets, distinguishing us from typical exchanges where user funds are managed centrally. This means each user holds their private keys, enabling them to import or export their wallets to other platforms freely — a stark contrast to platforms like Coinbase or Robinhood, which, while claiming to provide wallets, do not offer true ownership of the keys. This core feature is critical in a landscape still reeling from the repercussions of incidents like the FTX collapse, highlighting the importance of true decentralization in crypto transactions.

At its heart, CryptoMe uses Ripple (XRP) for transfers due to its rapid processing times, ensuring that transactions are completed within seconds — a critical feature in maintaining the currency's value during transfer. This immediate processing is crucial in a market where traditional cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Ethereum can experience significant value fluctuations within minutes.

Furthermore, CryptoMe is expanding its services to include a broader range of functionalities:

Multi-Cryptocurrency Support: Beyond XRP, future updates aim to support Bitcoin, Ethereum, and other popular cryptocurrencies, allowing users to send and receive a variety of digital assets.
Conversion Features: With integration using the Changelly API, users can convert between over 200 types of cryptocurrencies directly within the app, streamlining the process without the usual complexities of traditional exchanges.
Enhanced Security: We employ AES military-grade encryption to protect users' private keys, which are stored locally on devices, ensuring that users—and only users—have access to their funds.
Global Usability: Unlike regional apps such as Venmo, CryptoMe is designed for a global audience, enabling international transactions without the typical fees or wait times associated with traditional financial systems.
Community and Credit: Looking forward, CryptoMe plans to introduce social credit scores based on blockchain technology, enabling a decentralized credit system that is transparent and immutable.
CryptoMe is not just a cryptocurrency transaction app; it's a movement towards empowering users with the freedom, security, and simplicity needed to navigate the digital economy. As we expand our offerings and build towards a full-service financial platform, we remain committed to the vision of making digital currency transactions accessible, secure, and efficient for everyone, everywhere.

This updated version of CryptoMe reflects our ongoing commitment to innovation and user empowerment, ensuring that our platform not only meets the current demands of the cryptocurrency market but also anticipates the needs of the future digital economy.

### Copyright notice:

© 2020 CryptoMe Inc.

Commit message:

add ios app store link :

README.md, after:

# iOS Application
## Download CryptoMe

[![Download CryptoMe](./Cryptome_ios_icons/GooglePlayStore.png)](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/cryptome/id1514994918)

Click the link above to get the latest version of CryptoMe from the iOS App Store!


## Help Page: 
https://www.justcryptome.com

# App Screens:

<img src="/New_Pics/login_1.png" width="430px" height="932px" /><img src="/New_Pics/view_transactions_1.png" width="430px" height="932px" /><img src="/New_Pics/search_1.png" width="430px" height="932px" /><img src="/New_Pics/send_to_user_1.png" width="430px" height="932px" /><img src="/New_Pics/send_to_address_1.png" width="430px" height="932px" /><img src="/New_Pics/wallet_1.png" width="430px" height="932px" /><img src="/New_Pics/transactions_between_users_1.png" width="430px" height="932px" />

# Youtube Demo Link (Click Thumbnail Below): 
[![See a video](./New_Pics/view_transactions_1.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rL6JodeCfMw&t=35s&ab_channel=CryptoMe%2CInc.)

### Summary
CryptoMe revolutionizes cryptocurrency transactions by combining the simplicity and social aspects of apps like Venmo with the robust security and decentralization of blockchain technology. Aimed at enhancing the P2P, P2B, and B2B payment experience, CryptoMe simplifies cryptocurrency transactions by making them as straightforward as sending a text message. Users can send and receive funds using easily recognizable identifiers like phone numbers, removing the need to deal with cumbersome cryptographic addresses.

Our platform is uniquely designed to give users full control over their wallets, distinguishing us from typical exchanges where user funds are managed centrally. This means each user holds their private keys, enabling them to import or export their wallets to other platforms freely — a stark contrast to platforms like Coinbase or Robinhood, which, while claiming to provide wallets, do not offer true ownership of the keys. This core feature is critical in a landscape still reeling from the repercussions of incidents like the FTX collapse, highlighting the importance of true decentralization in crypto transactions.

At its heart, CryptoMe uses Ripple (XRP) for transfers due to its rapid processing times, ensuring that transactions are completed within seconds — a critical feature in maintaining the currency's value during transfer. This immediate processing is crucial in a market where traditional cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Ethereum can experience significant value fluctuations within minutes.

Furthermore, CryptoMe is expanding its services to include a broader range of functionalities:

Multi-Cryptocurrency Support: Beyond XRP, future updates aim to support Bitcoin, Ethereum, and other popular cryptocurrencies, allowing users to send and receive a variety of digital assets.
Conversion Features: With integration using the Changelly API, users can convert between over 200 types of cryptocurrencies directly within the app, streamlining the process without the usual complexities of traditional exchanges.
Enhanced Security: We employ AES military-grade encryption to protect users' private keys, which are stored locally on devices, ensuring that users—and only users—have access to their funds.
Global Usability: Unlike regional apps such as Venmo, CryptoMe is designed for a global audience, enabling international transactions without the typical fees or wait times associated with traditional financial systems.
Community and Credit: Looking forward, CryptoMe plans to introduce social credit scores based on blockchain technology, enabling a decentralized credit system that is transparent and immutable.
CryptoMe is not just a cryptocurrency transaction app; it's a movement towards empowering users with the freedom, security, and simplicity needed to navigate the digital economy. As we expand our offerings and build towards a full-service financial platform, we remain committed to the vision of making digital currency transactions accessible, secure, and efficient for everyone, everywhere.

This updated version of CryptoMe reflects our ongoing commitment to innovation and user empowerment, ensuring that our platform not only meets the current demands of the cryptocurrency market but also anticipates the needs of the future digital economy.

### Copyright notice:

© 2020 CryptoMe Inc.
